Add new gallery example issue templates (#7)
heliophysicsPy/gallery: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new-gallery-example-request.md

---
name: New gallery example request
about: This template is for requests for new examples

> title: 'New example to show how to <add words here>'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Add a new example to show how to <add words here>'
```

> labels: new example request

Reviewer: I can't seem to find a reference on what the synatx for this is, I assume this is going to add one label and not three?!

Author: I cheated and used the template tool from GitHub so I assume this is right.

Reviewer: cool

> assignees: ''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: You don't need to add this if it dosen't do anything, we don't have it in the sunpy ones for instance.
